# Modern_Who_Collection
Final Project MLIS Metadata Project

This wiki and schema was prepared by Lindsay Decker and Shannon Sheridan as the final project in LIS 2407 at the University of Pittsburgh as they were pursuing Master's degrees in Library and Information Science.

This collection contains images, webpages, podcasts, sound recordings, videos, and books relating to the modern Doctor Who series. It is intended for people who are somewhat familiar with Doctor Who, but want to learn more about the modern series and the accompanying culture. The objects in collection are a part of the culture related to the modern series, and yet thematically distinct. All of these materials can be accessed online and most are free. The descriptions of each item contain URLs that lead to webpages that contain either the item or information on how to get the item, which is how the users would access the material. Some of the books are only available for purchase. It is our hope that this collection will help indoctrinate new Whovians by introducing them to modern Doctor Who, paving the way for interest in Classic Who and further participation in the fan culture. 

The most important kind of metadata for this collection will be the creators of the objects themselves,and the description of contents. It is important for our audience to know who exactly is responsible for the original creation of the content (i.e. “official” sources versus fan-made creations). Description is also key. Some of the items in our collection are compilations (such as the book series or websites) and therefore clear explanation as to the resource will save users time by ensuring they only investigate in-depth things that may be useful to them. As many of our items are digital in nature, it would make most sense for users to find the information via a digital collection available freely on the web, perhaps in conjunction with Comic-Con or other conventions' websites. The items themselves create the understanding of the topic area; the idea is that this collection is for those with a base understanding or familiarity with Doctor Who, yet want to discover more about the modern series. Obviously descriptions will be in the metadata as well. As the librarian, the information we need to know is similar to what the audience needs to know: the exact content, scope, and creators of each item. We also want to make sure that specificty can be acheived, should users be looking to familiarize themselves with certain aspects of the series, such as a particular Doctor or companion. Not only will this be essential to creating the metadata, but it will also ensure that we can target the information in the collection and ensure we are communicating to the audience the information they need. A mix of official and non-official information is key to provide a well-rounded collection, but noting these differences is important for the validity of our collection.
